Add more context about local backend configuration state file (#31547)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/backends/configuration.mdx

## Initialization

When you change a backend's configuration, you must run `terraform init` again
to validate and configure the backend before you can perform any plans, applies,
or state operations.

> After you initialize, Terraform creates `.terraform/terraform.tfstate` locally. This file contains the most recent backend configuration, including any authentication parameters you provided to the Terraform CLI. Do not check `.terraform/terraform.tfstate` into Git, as it may contain sensitive credentials for your remote backend.

Reviewer: Can we limit this just to mention the `.terraform/` directory? Maybe something along the lines of "Terraform stores the most recent backend configuration in the `.terraform/` directory..."? The name of the file is only a historical accident, and it would be great to change eventually just to avoid users discovering and misunderstanding it. 

(the state data is also only stored in `terraform.tfstate` as a default filename using an un-configured local backend, so that is not always the name of the file locally or in remote state storage either)

Author: This is a fair point @jbardin - I updated the text to remove the exact file name. Do you like this better?

> After you initialize, Terraform creates `.terraform/terraform.tfstate` locally. This file contains the most recent backend configuration, including any authentication parameters you provided to the Terraform CLI. Do not check `.terraform/terraform.tfstate` into Git, as it may contain sensitive credentials for your remote backend.

Author: ```suggestion
After you initialize, Terraform creates a `.terraform/` directory locally. This directory contains the most recent backend configuration, including any authentication parameters you provided to the Terraform CLI. Do not check this directory into Git, as it may contain sensitive credentials for your remote backend.
```

> The local backend configuration file is different and entirely separate from the `terraform.tfstate` file that contains [state data](/language/state) about your real-world infrastruture. Terraform stores the `terraform.tfstate` file in your remote backend.

Author: ```suggestion
The local backend configuration is different and entirely separate from the `terraform.tfstate` file that contains [state data](/language/state) about your real-world infrastruture. Terraform stores the `terraform.tfstate` file in your remote backend.
```
